Who is this kid? Let go
Let go oops oops oops
Mr. Wang, I'm sorry, I'm just a rough person.
Got candy for you.
Mr. Sun
This kid's IQ is so rude
Ouch, Mr. Wang
This watch is nice
It's okay, it's only 300,000
Thieves sold abroad are cheap
Domestic thieves are expensive.
In our country?
Just not lacking
People with more money
What do you mean?
Ouch, Mr. Wang
I'm not talking about you.
At first glance, you are young and promising
It's not like those idiots
When the stinky boy comes up, give me a slap in the face
You wait for me.
Will you look good later?
You sit first, I'll go to the bathroom, I'll be right there
Stop being crazy
Honey, I'm going to the bathroom too
Wait for me
Mr. Wang, don't worry.
I promise to make a fool of you, brother Du
It's not annoying to see Lao Tzu
Don't get it wrong.
Don't worry about me
Hey
What has the knife been doing for so long?
enemy spy
Can you think about how to get him to pay?
Don't worry, wife.
I will definitely ask you for your money today.
So sure
Just wait and see.